Bluetooth: Define connection event nofitication callbacks (#16099)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/bt/ble/conn_evt_cb.rst

The parameter must be set sufficiently large to allow the Bluetooth Stack to enqueue a data packet for the upcoming connection event.

The :ref:`ble_conn_evt_cb` sample application demonstrates how this feature is used to reduce the latency between data sampling and data transmission.

Connection event callback with peripheral latency
*************************************************

When a connection is configured with peripheral latency, the peripheral device may sleep for `peripheral_latency` consecutive connection events to save power.
It may wake up more often if, for example if it has data to send.
Therefore, the central device assumes the peripheral will wake up every connection event.

The connection event prepare callback will be called for every connection event for both the peripheral and central device.
If the peripheral application provides data to be sent in this callback, the peripheral device will wake up for that given connection event.

.. figure:: images/ConnEvtCbPeripheralLatency.svg
   :alt: Connection event prepare callback with peripheral latency

   The peripheral wakes up if data is provided in a connection event prepare callback

> For this configuration, the application is required to configure the prepare callback to trigger at least 3 ms before the connection event starts.

Reviewer: Should we add a constant somewhere for these 3ms?
Like that, we could change it more easily, if needed (e.g. to account for different HWs)

Author: Yes, I believe we can add something like `BT_CONN_EVT_CB_PREPARE_DISTANCE_US_RECOMMENDED` or something similar to `evt_cb.h`

.. _ug_bt_conn_evt_cb:

> Synchronize data sampling with Bluetooth connection events
> ##########################################################

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Connection event callback
#########################
```

The Bluetooth connection event callback feature is used to inform the application about connection events.

> The connection event prepare callback triggered right before of a Bluetooth connection event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``connection event prepare`` callback is triggered right before a Bluetooth connection event.
```

This allows the application to trigger sensor data collection for transmission during the upcoming connection event.

.. figure:: images/ConnEvtCb.svg
   :alt: Connection event prepare callback

   Connection event prepare callback is called before a connection event

> The timing of the prepare callback is configured with the parameter `prepare_time_us`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The timing of the prepare callback is configured with the parameter ``prepare_time_us``.
```

> The parameter must be set sufficiently large to allow the Bluetooth Stack to enqueue a data packet for the upcoming connection event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must set the parameter value to large enough to allow the Bluetooth stack to enqueue a data packet for the upcoming connection event.
```

> The :ref:`ble_conn_evt_cb` sample application demonstrates how this feature is used to reduce the latency between data sampling and data transmission.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :ref:`ble_conn_evt_cb` sample demonstrates how you can use this feature to reduce the latency between data sampling and data transmission.
```

> This feature can only be used with the :ref:`SoftDevice Controller <nrfxlib:softdevice_controller>` and only when the Bluetooth Controller and application are located on the same core.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use this feature only with the :ref:`SoftDevice Controller <nrfxlib:softdevice_controller>` and only when the Bluetooth controller and application are located on the same core.
```

Connection event callback with peripheral latency
*************************************************

> When a connection is configured with peripheral latency, the peripheral device may sleep for `peripheral_latency` consecutive connection events to save power.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a connection is configured with peripheral latency, the peripheral device may sleep for ``peripheral_latency`` consecutive connection events to save power.
```
How is the peripheral latency configured (using a Kconfig option or something else?)

Author: The peripheral latency is configured run-time. It may change over the life-time of a connection. The central sets the initial value. The central may at any point in time change the value. The peripheral may request the central to change it

> It may wake up more often if, for example if it has data to send.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The device may wake up more often if, for example, it has data to send.
```

> Therefore, the central device assumes the peripheral will wake up every connection event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The central device assumes that the peripheral will wake up at every connection event.
```

> The connection event prepare callback will be called for every connection event for both the peripheral and central device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``connection event prepare`` callback will be called for every connection event for both the peripheral and central device.
```

If the peripheral application provides data to be sent in this callback, the peripheral device will wake up for that given connection event.

.. figure:: images/ConnEvtCbPeripheralLatency.svg
   :alt: Connection event prepare callback with peripheral latency

   The peripheral wakes up if data is provided in a connection event prepare callback

> For this configuration, the application is required to configure the prepare callback to trigger at least 3 ms before the connection event starts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For this configuration, the application must configure the prepare callback to trigger at least three ms before the connection event starts.
```

> This allows the Bluetooth stack to start the high frequency clock and radio peripheral in case they are not already running.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This allows the Bluetooth stack to start the high frequency clock and radio peripheral if they are not already running.
```

> If the data is provided too close to the start of the connection event, the data will be sent in future connection events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the data is provided too close to the start of the connection event, the data will be sent in upcoming events.
```
